The power of the Yoron...
...is historically not enough to climb up here.
In the era of the Tokusai Shinsen, the power of the Yoron was great.
What made the Shinsen angry?
The power of the Yoron was to abolish the 700-year-old Shinsen.
The power of the Yoron was to abolish the Shinsen and establish the military dictatorship.
What made the Shinsen angry was the power of the Yoron.
The law was changed, the Shinsen was abolished, and finally the Constitution was passed.
This was also the result of the power of the Yoron.
The power of the Yoron was to be developed by the Shinsen,
and not by the Yoron.
The people of the Keito were angry with the Yoron,
and they were not happy with the Shinsen.
They were not happy with the Shinsen.
The first time the Yoron was abolished,
the people of the Keito were angry with the Yoron.
They were angry with the Yoron,
and they were angry with the Shinsen.
This was the first time the people of the Keito were angry with the Yoron.
I believe that the Yoron is now being used as a fusion.
I am happy that it was abolished for the development of the Shinsen.